greetings this is K or ito with Earl Oh
tips for floor laptop you spot to you by
the applied ergonomic methods class at
Cornell University have you ever been
forced to work on the floor because all
the chairs were taken or perhaps simply
wanted to sit in front of the TV as you
type your paper or maybe you wanted to
sit outside and work because it was such
a beautiful day whatever the reason
laptops have allowed us to be more
flexible about the location where we
work allowing us to work in places that
were formerly unimaginable for computer
users the floor is no exception if used
properly the floor can provide an
adequate space in which you and others
can comfortably work on for short
periods of time if you have worked on
the floor before was it lying on your
stomach sitting on the floor with the
computer on the floor or leaning on the
wall with laptop on your legs these
positions do not seem comfortable and
you're right they aren't all of these
positions Korea X is strain on the neck
arms wrists back and the eyes making
long-term laptop use difficult or even
impossible so what can you do to
minimize these strains the most
important things to remember when you
use any computers or laptops is to keep
your neck in an upright position and to
keep the screen and I level to reduce
stress on the eyes you should try to
view the screen at about a 15 degrees
angle below the horizontal your back
should be well supported and should be
kept at an angle larger than 90 degrees
so try sitting against the wall bed
couch or even the back of another person
your arm should be at a comfortable
distance to the laptop so when you must
work with your laptop on the floor you
should first find a wall or any form of
support for your back place cushioning
behind your waist in the back to support
your lower back and to keep your spine
straight your waist should not be
touching the wall lean back against the
wall so that the angle between your body
is more than 90 degrees bend your knees
with your feet firmly on the ground keep
your knees at more than a 90 degrees
angle between your thighs and lower legs
place your laptop on top of your thighs
and open them so that it is at eye level
if the heat bothers you play something
under your
top for insulation such as a laptop
cooling pad now you should be relatively
comfortable working on the floor however
while you work there are some important
things you should do to reduce stress
from working first massage your risks
and move your neck every once in a while
and most most importantly take breaks
every 15 to 20 minutes or so take a 60
second break stop working stretch and
walk around for a bit if you can it is
important to promote good circulation to
reduce stress on the joints and various
parts of your body as you work for more
information about specific points and
laptop use on the floor check out ergo
tips at ww our document cornell edu i'm
KO ito with our go tips for laptop use